Update plotly.js to v2.34.0 + add docs (#4627)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/axes.md

fig.show()
```

#### Adjust Tick Label Positions

*New in 5.23*

You can adjust tick label positions by moving them a number of pixels away from the axis using `ticklabelstandoff` or along the axis using `ticklabelshift`.
 
In this example, `ticklabelshift=25` shifts the labels 25 pixels to the right along the x-axis. By providing a negative value, we could move the labels 25 pixels to the left, (`ticklabelshift=-25`).

Here, `ticklabelstandoff=15` moves the labels further 15 pixels away from the x-axis. A negative value here would move them close to the axis. 

```python
import plotly.express as px

df = pd.read_csv('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/plotly/datasets/master/finance-charts-apple.csv')

fig = px.line(df, x='Date', y='AAPL.High')

fig.update_layout(
    xaxis=dict(
        ticks='outside',
        ticklen=10,
        ticklabelshift=25,
        ticklabelstandoff=15
    )
)

fig.show()
```

#### Use Minor Tick for Label

*New in 5.23*

> On date or linear axes, use `ticklabelindex` to use..
> 
> To draw the label for the minor tick before each major tick, choose `ticklabelindex` -1, like in the following example. 

Author: ```suggestion
On date or linear axes, use `ticklabelindex` to draw a label for a minor tick instead of a major tick.

To draw the label for the minor tick before each major tick, set `ticklabelindex` -1, like in the following example. 
```
